Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. Cameron. It's Kaleb.
Do you copy?
Cameron. do you copy?
Skinwalker Ranch Command Center.
Kaleb. how do you hear?
This is Cameron. We're on
the outskirts of the ranch now.
We're just about
a couple minutes out.
Copy you. Cameron.
I've got eyes on you.
After all these years
of investigation.
I am more motivated than ever
to get back
to the Skinwalker Ranch.
My hope is. this year will be
a breakout year.
where we will finally
determine the truth
associated with
unidentified aerial phenomena
and high strangeness
on the property.
Over the years we've
been investigating the ranch.
I've seen some crazy stuff.
But none of it comes close
to what I witnessed last year.
Every time I try to push through
the barrier. look what happens.
It's pushing you back.
We're talking evidence
of invisible forces...
- You seeing this?
- Yes.
Strange signals.
mysterious flying objects...
- What is that?
- Ceramics.
And. of course. possible proof
that something from out of this
world is buried in the mesa.
- This is artificial?
- Yes.
Holy crap.
I'm really looking forward
to this year's investigation.
It's time
to start connecting new dots.
and take things even further.
Kaleb.
- It's good to be back. brother.
- Thank you.
We now have what we can
rightly call hot spots.
areas of interest where we have
seen strange events repeatedly.
Much of our work this year will
focus on studying these areas.
We are all anxious to bring
some kind of understanding.
if not closure. to the mystery
of Skinwalker Ranch.
Hey. guys.
- Brandon. Good to see you.
- It's good to be back.
After years of gathering data.
we have more questions
than answers.
but we're driven
to push boundaries
like never before.
It's good
to see the team assembled.
I think more than ever before.
not only do we have answers
coming off of this last year.
but I have to believe
that we're getting closer
to understanding what is
happening both below
- and above Skinwalker Ranch.
- Exactly.
Speaking of
what is below the property.
we have ceramic material
that Chris found
in the mesa this last year.
Not only is
this ceramic material
not naturally occurring.
but it also has some strange
electromagnetic properties.
All of which have
been verified with
- scientific equipment.
- Yeah.
The ceramics we found
while drilling
in the mesa last year were
an absolute game changer.
Based off the tests we ran.
they appear machine-made
and super heat-resistant.
just like the ceramics used
to protect man-made spacecraft.
I'm going to reposition this.
When we bombarded
a sample with electrons.
a bunch of holes formed
on the surface.
Are those holes getting bigger?
- Yes. I think so.
- Yeah. yeah.
Let's turn it off
to see if it goes back
to normal. Here we go.
But when we stopped.
the material appeared
to repair itself.
Look at that.
I've never seen
anything like that before.
This stuff is fixing itself.
That's exactly right.
Unbelievable.
It raises the question.
what the hell
- is there in the mesa?
- Yeah.
I mean. let's not forget
a tungsten carbide drill was
damaged inside of that mesa.
I want to find out
if it is connected
to the manufactured
ceramic material.
- My gosh.
- Look at that thing.
Half that tooth is gone.
Last year.
as we drilled the second
of two boreholes. the drill bit
hit something that destroyed it.
about 470 feet into the mesa.
And that was when we found
the ceramics in the spoils.
So far. we know from
the ground-penetrating radar
that there's
a 400-foot-long object.
possibly made of metal.
and surrounded
by several smaller objects.
Did the ceramics come
from one of these things?
And if they did.
what the heck is it?
Chris Roberts.
our archaeologist.
has been busy at work
over the last several months
in preparation
- for this meeting.
- Yeah.
After last year's
investigation concluded.
I did some cleanup
of the deposits
that came out of Borehole 2.
When I was actually
sorting in the 60-
to 90-foot section.
I found something else
in there. as well.
And what I've determined
under magnification
is that it's a ceramic.
But this is
the head-scratching part.
It's a little bit darker.
- and it's more dense.
- Okay.
So. we have two
different ceramics
- in the mesa.
- Wow.
- Well. did you test it
- with any other instrument?
- I did not.
But I have a test
we can run here on the ranch
to see how they compare
under a special UV light.
- Let's do that. Let's do that.
- Yeah.
I haven't identified
the different ceramics
as to a... a known type.
So it'll be really interesting
to test both ceramics
to see if they're related.
This second possible ceramic
is all the more reason for us
- to get back inside that mesa.
- Yes.
But how do we get in there?
How can we do this differently?
Well. so far.
- we've done horizontal drilling.
- Right.
We were only 33 feet
from the top of the mesa
when we hit that object.
And you look at that depth...
That's really achievable if we
were to come from the top down.
I think that the time is now
to go in vertical
with a much bigger diameter
drill bit.
We're thinking
maybe around four feet.
What is this anomaly?
What's this hard substance
that stopped a drill bit
cold in its tracks?
By going to a vertical
drilling operation this year.
we're going to be able
to be a lot more controlled
in exactly where we're drilling.
In addition to that.
it'll allow us
to carefully examine.
foot-by-foot. as we go down.
so we don't damage
whatever it is inside of there.
Can you imagine
a four-foot-diameter hole
going down 30 feet?
- We can do a lot with that.
- Yeah.
I know you're thinking.
how many instruments
we can put down there
and all the data we can collect.
So we're going to have
to be bringing somebody in
from outside the area.
which will take
two or three weeks to happen.
Well. that's exciting.
I'd love to get to the bottom
of what is in the mesa.
So. I want to make sure
that we are carefully engaging
the digging activity
and excavation
over the course
of the next few weeks.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah.
Also. I think one thing I want
to explore is this bubble.
Why is this exotic anomaly
- over Skinwalker Ranch?
- Yeah.
Of all the strange
stuff we've seen out here.
the bubble has got to be one
of the biggest mysteries.
The only way
I can describe it is.
it's like a massive.
invisible ball.
almost like some kind
of science-fiction force field.
It's got a 2.000-foot radius.
and it reaches both
above and below ground.
Its epicenter is at the place
we call the triangle.
and it even covers
the mesa drill site.
So far. we've seen its barriers
block drones
and even rockets
from passing through it.
We've picked up
possible communication signals
inside of it
and documented a ton
of UAPs going in and out of it.
Well. I'm anxious
to hear what are the immediate
action items to begin
this year of experiments.
I think the first place
we should focus is
at the center of the bubble.
where we saw
what we've been calling
the blob.
Right.
One of the most curious spots
inside the bubble
is 31 feet above the triangle.
That's where we captured
high-speed images back in 2022
of a blob destroying
a rocket midair.
We don't know what this thing is
or how it connects
to the bubble.
So the hope is that.
by concentrating
on key areas like the blob.
we might unravel
this entire bubble mystery.
As we've been preparing
for this year's activities.
Erik and Travis have tasked me
to erect these two different
new towers. 30 feet high.
right there in the triangle.
I'm pleased to report
that we're ready
to erect those towers
and move forward.
We're going
to be able to put instruments
right in the heart
of that 30 or so foot spot
over the center of the triangle.
That's right.
I reached out
to LOC Precision. and-and asked them
to design a thrust stand.
so we can put rocket motors
upside down
at the 30-foot mark.
That will put huge amounts
of light. heat
and smoke into that spot.
It might reveal the blob again.
and we might be able
to get a better image of it.
I've developed
a piece of software.
I am calling it Meta-Frame.
Now this is...
this is a piece of software
that allows us to catch
fleeting events that
are so fast that we wouldn't
catch them with the naked eye.
So now we have the ability
to study any unusual flights
or UAP over the ranch.
Also. it allows us
to review all of the events
that take place on the property
over the course of
24 hours. so if something's
going to happen. you know.
on the ranch or in our airspace.
we're going to catch it.
That's good.
- Excellent. Excellent.
- Love it.
That tool is going
to be really valuable.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Well. let's. let's move forward. Thank you.
- everyone.
- As always.
we got our work cut out for us.
I say we get started.
Looking forward
to getting the answers.
- All right.
- Very good.
Thank you. gentlemen.
So. first things first.
Let's take these bolts
out of the hinge.
Yeah. okay.
Before starting our
first experiment of the year.
we needed
to install two new towers
at the triangle. which is
the epicenter of the bubble.
- Right there.
- Right there. HOLD! HOLD! HOLD!
These 30-foot towers were
specifically designed
to run tests
right in the spot where we saw
that strange blob before.
- That's all tightened down.
- It's locked in. dude.
This thing ain't going nowhere.
- I'll give you this.
- Okay.
Once the towers
were up. Allen Isdell
from LOC Precision Rockets
and his daughter Katie
arrived to install
the most important piece
of tonight's experiment.
This is the fun table
right here. man.
This is.
They've brought
custom-made rocket motors.
which we're going
to mount upside down on top
of one of our new towers.
These will allow us
to blast flames and smoke
directly into the spot
where we first saw the blob.
Since it appeared
for just a moment
when the rocket was destroyed
in 2022.
we're hoping
long-sustained heat and flames
from a rocket engine will
make it appear again.
but for longer this time.
so we can figure out
what the heck it actually is.
- Okay.
- Put the ignitor in and
- connect it and then get clear.
- Okay.
- All right? Thanks. man.
- All right.
During our experiment...
That's booted up.
We'll be using a whole bunch
of specialty equipment.
All right. so we got power.
We've got lidar.
which can capture
infrared images of things
you can't see
with the naked eye.
Then we also have
thermal FLIR cameras.
which will identify anything
with a different temperature
than the surrounding
environment.
Let's put this one
right there looking that way.
We've also set up several
high-speed video cameras.
aimed where
we saw the blob before.
What am I looking at here?
Those'll feed into
Erik's new Meta-Frame system.
So if the blob appears.
even for a moment.
we should be able
to catch it on camera.
All right. we should be ready.
All right. How are we doing
over here. guys?
- We're ready. All right.
- Yeah. -Thank you.
Erik. we're going
to now shut down until dark.
Copy that. Travis.
- Perfect.
- All right. Cool.
Appreciate it. guys.
While we were
waiting for nightfall...
What you got here?
Guys. Chris has been looking
at the properties
of these materials
that we brought out of the mesa.
Erik. Thomas
and I joined Chris Roberts
in the command center.
He wanted to show us
the new kind of ceramic
he told us about yesterday.
He also wanted
to run a comparative test
with the ones
we found last year.
So. actually.
I've got four pieces in here.
We have a camera up in the top
here looking straight down.
Okay. got it.
So that's what I'm seeing
on the screen right here. then.
So. the three larger
pieces that you can see?
Those are Type A.
The Type A ceramic is
the material that we examined
at the university last year.
Type A ceramic is
what we found in Borehole 2.
- Is that right? Okay.
- Yes. Yes.
And then
what is that thing above it?
So the one above it I found
after last year's investigation.
while I was doing winter work
and re-sorting through the
drilling spoils of Borehole 2.
And that came
from 60 to 90 feet in.
Okay. and so that's
what you're calling Type B?
This is Type B.
Now what's interesting
about it is it is very similar
in characteristic to Type A.
meaning it has
a similar glaze to it.
All right. so explain to me
your experimental
apparatus here.
We're going to use
a special kind of UV light.
called UV 365. to see
how different or similar
the two ceramics might be.
I've got this
in a photo box here.
and I've got the UV 365
looking into the box.
and I've got gloves on.
and I've got safety glasses on
that are safe for those rays.
To be clear. 'cause I've played
with black lights a lot.
you're saying that you should
be wearing safety glasses
with a black light?
For this level. you should be.
It's at the wavelength that
it will cause severe sunburn.
Right? And so
it would sunburn your eye.
sunburn your skin.
And it's...
it's the wavelength that likely
is what causes skin cancer.
So it's just
a preventative thing.
UV 365 is something you've
probably seen on crime shows.
where they wave it around
and reveal all the stuff
you can't see
with the naked eye.
But what Chris wanted
to do was to use it
to look for subtle differences
to confirm
if they are. in fact.
different kinds of ceramics.
Well. let's take a look at it.
So. you guys watch it
on the screen here.
Most ceramics actually
absorb ultraviolet light.
They don't do
any fluorescing at all.
What's interesting about it is.
all of a sudden.
Type A is fluorescing.
You're saying
that typical ceramics
that you see don't glow
under a black light like this.
Correct. Now.
what's interesting about Type B
is. the coloring doesn't
fluoresce the same as Type A.
Well. I would say.
looking at that.
that the Type A ones
are fluorescing blue-green?
Right? And then
the Type B one
is fluorescing yellow.
Yes.
I would like
to see that compared
to. like. what a real
archaeological ceramic
would look like.
Do you have any samples of that?
Yes. This is a piece
of ancient Indigenous pottery.
It could be
around a thousand years old.
You see it right in the middle?
Well.
that doesn't fluoresce at all.
It looks completely black
on the screen with a few...
Almost like
it's charcoal or something.
- A few bright dots.
- It does.
So. this is highly absorbent.
But here's another thing
I found.
Under a microscope.
I saw some buildup
and erosion that happened
on both the Type A
and the Type B ceramics.
It would take a long. long time
to occur inside the mesa.
How much time? Is that tens
of years or hundreds of years?
If I were to guess.
based on my experience.
conservatively.
it's in the thousands of years.
Thousands?
- It's thousands of years old?
- And that's conservative.
This material has
got machined edges on it.
which would usually mean
it was made sometime
- in the last 50 to 75 years.
- Yeah.
If what Chris says is correct.
that suggests some
really crazy possibilities
for what's in the mesa.
Maybe the ceramics are
like the heat shield tiles
on the space shuttle
but were part
of some secret
government program.
Or another
even more insane idea is
that there's some kind
of alien technology
that's been buried in the mesa
for thousands of years.
I really don't know
what to think at this point.
I think our next move is
to send off some samples.
and-and we need
to get these tested.
I know a lab in Colorado
that can perform
thermal luminescence testing.
What do you mean by that?
Well. that's where they will
tell you how old it is.
But it's a destructive process.
meaning the Type B sample
could be totally destroyed.
And we're fortunate
that we have so many samples
of the Type A ceramic.
I think it's enough for us
to do some
pretty aggressive testing.
But I don't think
we should send the Type B in
since we only have one piece.
Well. you know what?
As we get the new drill.
Core drill rig.
up on top of the mesa
and start going down.
maybe you'll be able
to find more pieces.
- That's what we need to do.
- We want to get
this material off
to the lab as soon as possible.
I agree. I agree.
- All right.
- Good stuff. man.
Thanks. guys.
You have continuity?
- Yep. we're good.
- Okay.
Once the sun went down.
it was finally time to start
burning our rocket motors
to see if we could get
the blob to show up.
And be advised.
the rocket is good to go.
All right.
that sounds good. man.
We also decided to launch an
actual rocket at the same time
since that's what we think
caused the blob
to appear before.
Thomas. I got to tell you. man.
the towers look cool.
So here's what this means.
guys. the color code.
The green means it's passive.
If you're on that side.
you should be safe
from any potential pyro
or rocket motors or anything.
The red tower means
it's dangerous. stay away from.
'cause this is where
we got active pyrotechnics.
- Make sense?
- Yeah.
All right.
Well. let's get to it.
I'm gonna call Erik.
tell him we're going.
Hey. Erik. we've got everything
ready to go out here.
Hey. Travis. Copy that.
40 seconds.
What's that noise?
Something's coming through
the computer. man.
I-I don't know what it is.
So what changed?
I-I don't know.
But I can't get it to turn off.
Let's try something.
I don't know what that was.
I think
it's some sort of weird
technical glitch going on.
Something's not playing nice.
Yeah.
something not playing nice.
That's weird. Whatever happened
just then made...
All of the signals went away.
my-my laptop jammed up.
All of a sudden.
out of the blue.
my computer. which monitors
all my instruments.
glitched in a way
that we've never seen before.
And right when we started
our countdown.
Now. we have seen equipment fail
many times out here
the second
we start our experiments.
From my POV.
that feels like too many times
to be just a coincidence.
There's one little peak
right here at 1.2.
So now I got 1.2 showing up.
This is strange.
This 1.2-gigahertz signal
was really weird.
It's been showing up
ever since
Erik first broadcast it
last year during an experiment.
Like someone
or something cloned the signal
and then broadcast it
back at us.
I don't know
if it's meant to taunt us
or to communicate with us.
Hey. Erik. be advised. I'm
getting a 1.2 signal showing up.
Copy that. Travis.
Yeah. I can confirm.
Several 1.2. peaks.
Hey. y'all.
let's see if I can see
where that thing's coming from.
Let's see.
My spectrum analyzer
was connected
to several antennas
here at the triangle.
So. by checking
each antenna feed individually.
I wanted to figure out where
this signal was coming from.
Well. that's sky-facing.
That's mesa-facing.
That's facing the mesa?
That's facing the mesa.
that's facing the sky.
So it's not coming from the sky.
It's coming from the mesa.
Hey. Erik?
The 1.2 gigahertz
is coming from the mesa.
- Copy that.
- And. my antenna's pointed
at the mesa. north-northeast.
Now. that's interesting.
I wasn't expecting to hear that.
I'm going to see
if I can confirm that.
Okay. Travis. I'm looking at
the direction-finding system.
and I show a peak. but it isn't
coming from the mesa.
That 1.2 is very strong.
it is dominant.
it is constant. and it is
from the south-southwest.
That's weird. man.
My antenna shows it coming
from the opposite direction.
All right.
Erik. I don't know what the crap
is going on there.
How could Erik and I be getting
the same signal
from opposite directions?
Could we be seeing
multiple broadcasts at once?
If that's the case.
what's doing this?
Is this signal bouncing off the
bubble and coming back at us?
Look at that.
There it is.
What the hell is that?
That's cra...
That is a lot of energy.
The whole dad-gum spectrum
is doing that.
Lord.
Erik. I just have started
getting from the mesa a signal
showing up
from 1.59 to 1.60 gigahertz.
It's that whole baseline
jumping up and down
that we've seen before.
I can confirm the whole thing's
bouncing up and down.
Yeah. and I can tell you
that is not common.
Yeah. makes. you wonder
what's going on. don't it?
Yeah. exactly.
Well. that... that's wacky.
It's crazy.
I'm gonna keep watching it.
Let me know
if y'all see anything weird.
All right. well. let's launch
- a rocket and a motor
at the same time. -Yeah.
- Let's do it.
- Okay.
Hey. Erik. do you copy?
Yeah. Travis. go ahead.
Yeah. man.
we've got everything ready
to go out here. and then
we're about to get
this thing fired up.
Yeah. copy that.
Five. four.
three. two. one.
Tower motor's ignited.
It's smoking.
The rocket didn't go.
The rocket's beacon signal's
going off.
but why didn't the rocket go?
I don't know.
All right. well.
let's go down with it
and let's go check it out.
What caused a perfectly
good rocket not to fire?
I mean.
I've fired thousands of them
and never had that problem.
It never even fired.
Weirdest thing.
the igniter didn't burn.
- It didn't even burn.
- It was like it was dead.
There were no signs
of anything physically wrong
with that rocket.
So. did whatever broadcast those
signals stop it from launching?
All right. she's hot again.
All right.
Hey. Erik. you copy?
Travis. go ahead.
So. then. we're gonna
a-attempt the simultaneous
rocket launch and motor fire
at the same time again.
Well. that should be
interesting.
I'll stand by.
Finally. Allen managed to get
the rocket engine on line again.
Hopefully. this next launch
will go as planned.
Pad's clear.
In five. four. three.
two. one.
Tower motor's smoking!
Yeah!
I got it right here.
Straight up.
- There it is right there.
- There went the chute charge.
Hey. we got a light right there.
Right through the smoke.
You did?
- What the heck is that?
- You see it right there?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I see it.
That's probably the chute one.
No. no. no. it's right there.
See. I know it's
a different one right there.
Was that a UAP?
Where?
Where? I don't see it.
Just as our experiment was
finally going according to plan.
Kaleb suddenly spotted
some kind of light
moving through the sky
right where we launched
our rocket.
Was it a UAP?
Now it's gone.
Whatever Kaleb saw.
it vanished as fast
as it appeared. so hopefully
we caught it on one
of our specialty cameras.
All right. let's get that rocket
before the screamer
battery dies.
Watch for holes. guys.
Before we conducted
another test.
I wanted to track down
our rocket from the last launch.
It's equipped
with a screamer device
which gives off a loud sound
to help us find it in high weeds
or even in the dark.
Good recovery.
Well. wait a minute.
Where's the rest of the rocket?
Allen. I'm gonna head out
on the road and walk
- down the road a little bit.
- Okay.
The bottom fell off
of the chute shroud.
Really? -
The bottom of the rocket
should be there.
somewhere near it.
Hey. look here.
Hey. look at this.
It was right here.
It looks like
it's in decent shape.
For having taken a spill.
Look at that!
It looks like
the parachute cord just broke.
- That's not burned.
- No.
If that was burned.
you wouldn't see
- these little fibers.
- No. That is not burned.
That is unbelievable.
That's 500-pound cord.
It should not break like that.
That is bizarre.
Did the rocket
crash into something?
The only way a parachute cord
could break like that
is if something deliberately
severed it with a lot of force.
More than 500 pounds.
So. what happened here?
Did it hit the blob?
Or did whatever Kaleb just saw
cause this to happen?
Hey. Erik. do you copy?
Yeah. Travis. go ahead.
So. the rocket launched
beautifully.
we went to recover it.
and what we found
was a 500-pound cord.
- and it was broke.
- Wow.
Not burned. Broken.
And w... a-and it's-it's bizarre.
Copy that.
Who knows what we're gonna see
for the rest of the night.
We're gonna reset
for the next rocket
motor launch on the tower.
After everything we just saw.
we wanted to run another burn
to see if it was possible to get
more evidence of the blob.
All right. we're getting ready
to do the last experiment.
We're gonna have
a giant motor we're gonna put
- on top of the tower.
- Okay.
It's gonna be
pretty spectacular. I think.
When we ran the experiment
this time.
we decided to use a larger
rocket motor with a bigger burn.
We were hoping that might
get the blob to appear.
Allen and Katie also prepared
to launch a rocket equipped
with a tracking system
that could transmit
real-time data like GPS. speed
and elevation during its flight.
If this rocket
also hits something.
it could tell us exactly where.
Um...
Allen. are you guys ready
with all the other rocket stuff?
Sorry. this is not
communicating properly.
We can't launch the rocket.
It won't transmit data?
All right. but you are
gonna be able to launch
the motor on the tower.
right. Katie?
- Yes. sir.
- All right.
This was the second time tonight
that the rocket launchers
had a malfunction.
And if Allen couldn't get
his controller to connect.
there wasn't gonna be any
other way to launch this rocket.
Erik for Sam.
- Go ahead. Erik.
- What's going on
with your multi-sensor box
at the triangle?
Yeah. it's not wanting
to transmit to the server.
It's having an issue.
It's not streaming data.
Copy that.
This is really strange right now
because you can see live data
coming from all the sensors
around the-the ranch.
But this one's refusing
to send data back to the server.
Jim Royston. Sam Deriso
and I have distributed
these multi-sensor boxes
at key locations
with known interesting phenomena
across the entire ranch.
The technology contained
within these ruggedized boxes
allows us to see data
from all of those sources
while we are running
this experiment.
That allows us
to observe changes in real time.
So. why are we seeing
the multi-sensor box
not working as expected.
and more specifically
at the triangle?
I've troubleshooted it.
and I can't figure out
what is blocking it.
The problem is. it wasn't
connecting with our network.
So. there's no backups
to the data.
which would cause data loss.
So. something's blocking
the signal of this one?
- Yes. - And Allen said
they lost
the ignitor to the rocket.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Almost everything we've got
has had some kind
of malfunction tonight.
And it all has to do
with transmitting data.
Yep.
It's like something's jamming
our equipment.
It's like something's
jamming our equipment.
That makes. that makes no sense.
Yeah. it doesn't make sense.
Right as we were about
to start a larger rocket burn
at the triangle.
a bunch of our equipment
malfunctioned again.
It's almost like something
was purposely
sabotaging our experiment.
Yeah. Travis. I'm seeing
an increase in that.
1.6. gig signal.
I just want to see
if you see the same thing.
Yep. Absolutely.
It looks like it's. gone up in strength.
Yeah. I mean. there's been
an uptick in just the last.
you know. minute or so.
That is all over the map.
That's strange.
This is crazy.
Could the source
of this 1.6-gigahertz signal
be what's been messing
with our equipment all night?
"pyro no go."
I know.
'cause we're not using it.
Any luck with the rocket?
Do you think you'll be able
to get it?
- No. - You're not
gonna get it?
- She keeps doing
the same thing. -All right.
Hey. Erik?
So. the rocket
is not going to connect.
so this will be just the motor
on the tower for now.
Copy that. Standing by.
All right. we're starting
the countdown for the...
rocket motor firing
in five. four.
three.
two. one.
Wow.
Boy. that put a lot
of smoke up. didn't it?
Look at the fire
on top of the tower.
I got to see that
in Dave's camera.
Looks like a smokestack. man.
- Yeah.
you can see it in the thermal
real good.
- Yeah.
- That's a good shot.
Yeah. it just went out.
All right. that's it.
Hey. Erik.
if you want to come back out
and let's wrap this evening up.
let's do it.
Copy that. Travis.
I will be right out there.
I think we're all
looking forward
to reviewing the video data
of various kinds.
including conventional video and.
the thermographic
high-speed video.
There's a lot. coming out of this.
I think everyone
is curious as to whether
we will see
a repeat of something
that we've seen before.
This. of course.
is the infamous blob.
- There's Erik.
- Yeah. I have never seen
one of our experiments
the way I just saw it tonight.
There was so much going on.
I don't know what we've got.
but we've got all of it.
From the second that we started.
it seemed to be nonstop tonight.
- Yeah. - Lot of
strange things tonight.
Yeah. a lot of strange
things and now we got a lot
of data to look through.
but. let's call it a night.
- Let's do.
- All right.
Good stuff. everybody.
A lot of what
we're gonna be looking at
is-is very visual.
There was a lot happening.
I'm excited to see what we have.
Two days after
our rocket burn experiment
at the triangle.
Erik called all of us
into the command center
so we could review
the processed data.
I'm gonna start us off with our.
Video surveillance assets.
This is an event. Kaleb. where.
you spotted something.
You pointed it out.
This is the one that I remember.
We had the rocket go...
- Okay. -...and it looked like
there was another light
that was moving to the west.
Yeah. it was like a UAP
- next to the rocket.
- Yeah.
But is this the launch
where the chute cord got broken?
Yes. exactly.
So. this is a great view
from the south field
of the property looking
back towards the triangle.
This is the launch
that we're talking about.
There's the rocket.
Rocket goes up.
Yeah. I just saw
the rocket body fall over here.
Now.
let's watch this from
the perspective of Meta-Frame.
And this will be playing back
like a time-lapse.
So. that's the drone going up
- Yep. Yep.
- That we see.
Then that big flash
is our rocket motor burning.
But then notice
this light right here.
Whoa.
- What is that?
- That's crazy. dude.
The timing
of this feature...
- Yes.
- In the video record
- with what happened
to that cord... - Yeah.
Really raises questions for me.
That's a good point. Erik.
You may have caught
whatever caused
the rocket to tear itself apart.
You may have
caught whatever caused
the rocket to tear itself apart.
- Yeah.
I can't believe it.
This enhanced video
from our experiment
at the triangle
clearly showed
a bright. orb-like object
appearing right next
to the rocket we launched.
and just moments before
its parachute cord was cut.
It didn't look like the blob.
so what was this UAP
that suddenly appeared
inside the bubble?
Well. Pete. this is a good time
to throw to you.
- let you put your data
on the screen. -Perfect.
I want to show you
the drone footage first.
Okay.
You've got my attention.
Is this the launch
where the chute cord got broken?
This is the exact
same rocket launch.
So. let's watch for it.
And then I held on the smoke.
That's our region of interest
right there. you know.
What was that?
What caused that shake?
Yeah. what was that shake?
Haven't seen that before.
Just thinking about
that broken shock cord
- and that big bright object...
- Yeah.
- That we saw in the sky.
- Yeah. yeah.
Would correlate really close
- to that shake.
- Could be.
What-what on Earth made your
drone shake like that. Pete?
I don't know what
caused this rope to break
or what hit Pete's drone.
but I do find it interesting
that. at the same time.
Erik caught
something in the sky.
There's definitely
something interesting
in the airspace
here above the triangle.
And why?
This mystery only continues
to get bigger and bigger.
So. the next piece...
I want to show you
the terrestrial laser scanning.
One of the objectives
of this experiment
was to figure out if the blob
was connected to the bubble
in some way.
So. we were all hoping to see
if it might show up
in Pete's scans.
I want to show you
one scan in particular.
I can see
the striations already.
Yep.
Now. as we go up...
Now. look. right there.
- See the concentric rings?
- Yep.
We might have
the bubble in view.
Again.
Is there any way to know exactly
the elevation of that?
You want to take a guess?
- 610 meters.
- Yes. sir.
I was excited because 610 meters
translates to about 2.000 feet.
which is the exact radius
of the bubble.
But what caused it to appear?
Did our experiment
to trigger the blob
actually trigger
the bubble to appear instead?
I want to take us to some
of the other records
that we got.
I want to get your eyes
on the big screen here.
Let's look at the thermal video.
We captured something else. too.
The thermal camera was
framed for the blob.
but you can see we have
the mesa in the background.
You can see the ridgeline.
I'm just gonna play through
at the normal rate.
Whoa.
What in the world is that?
We have this cold zone
above the mesa.
The darker the color.
the colder it is.
So this area is extremely cold
compared to the surroundings.
Whoa. What is that?
Even when somebody
walked in front of it.
- it is still out there.
- That's interesting. That's...
So. it means it's out there
and not up here.
- Yep.
- You can see
Thomas on the.
on the cherry picker
moving around over here.
and it's still there.
And it disappears as quickly
as it appears.
Did it show up
any other time during the night?
Okay. I'm gonna take us
forward just a few minutes.
There's-there's...
v... almost the exact same shape.
It looks almost the same.
with a dark spot dead center...
- Yeah. -...and the same kind of
rectangular-like boundary.
Yeah. saw that very definitive.
you know. black cold spot
above the mesa.
We had no idea
what this cold spot was.
But what struck me was
it's in the same direction
where I got
the 1.2-gigahertz signal.
So. was this cold spot
the source?
And could it be connected
to whatever's buried
inside the mesa?
Or is it something to do
with the bubble?
Guys. this has been
one hell of a day to review.
Yeah. the more we keep
studying this triangle area.
the more we keep coming up
with these crazy results.
But. this has really been
one to remember.
- Absolutely. -Yeah.
we've got a lot of work to do.
and I say we get to it.
- All right.
Good stuff.
Much of our work this year
will focus on this bubble
and all the phenomena
that we're not just witnessing
but experiencing
in the center of the bubble.
like the blob. to determine
who or what those sources are.
We're just getting started.
and it's already looking
like this could be
our craziest year yet.
There's more UAPs.
more strange signals.
Then there's these ceramics.
Just more evidence
that there's something
beyond explanation
buried inside the mesa.
We're gonna find out
what these things are.
and how they're all connected.
Skinwalker Ranch
is the most renowned hot spot
for all things paranormal
and high strangeness.
The team is more motivated
than ever to get answers.
because what we're dealing
with here is unprecedented.
I am prepared to accept
whatever the truth is.
Look at this.
Something hit the rocket
- right there.
- What is that light?
Something was in the sky.
We want to go down
till we hit whatever it is
that's buried here in the mesa.
- We just broke a hose?
- Yep.
- You're hitting metal.
- There is something
metallic buried in the mesa.
Wow.
Hey. we just saw
something flying.
- Got a light right there.
- Look at that.
- Right there.
- That's a UFO.
Looks like it's following
the helicopter.
Hey. Cameron. there is
something tracking you.
Look at the heat
coming out of the homestead.
We need to get
to the bottom of what's going on
at the Homestead Two.
Something moving around
right here.
Yeah. Thomas.
I've got a light source
heading for Homestead Two.
I've never had stuff
go haywire like this before.
- I want out of here.
- Turn the lasers on!
Detonation!
Get in the vehicles!
Get back!
What the hell
did we just witness?
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm